Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ninety second to transfer.
Sixteen seconds to transfer.
Increase power, ten percent.
Stabilizes in three,
two, one, mark.
Thirty seconds to transfer.
Sir.
Fifteen, 14, 13, 12, 11, ten,
nine, eight, seven, six, five,
four, three, two, one...
Object approaching Xircon Relm.
Oh, my God!
Object transferred.
Location Unknown.
We both know what was in that box.
What we don't know
where it is.
- Sir, I'm very sorry, I...
- Find it!
Yes, sir.
The box people! The box!
Your ball, doormat.
Let's play zone.
That's for defense, dummy.
Matt, just gimme the ball.
Cover it through Bryce.
Knock him on his butt.
No! That's what he expects.
We need the element of surprise.
Boomer.
Surprise? That's more
like a catastrophe.
I can't shoot.
Okay, let's just use, "L.S."
Right, your famous logical
strategy app that never works.
If we put in all the
data on Bryce's team,
this will tell us how to win.
What's logical strategy anyway?
Well, that's just a way of thinking
that I turned into an app.
There.
Okay Mr. I.T., what does it say?
Find four better players.
All right come on, zeros,
we don't have all day.
- Ready?
- Break.
Way to go, Bryce.
Boomer, keep the shot.
Shoot, you can do it.
Come on, Bryce. Way to go.
Sorry Matt, I guess
I blew it again.
Don't worry about it.
Eighteen to zero.
He was fouled and you know it.
No. That's not a foul.
That's a foul.
You're such a jerk, Bryce.
Why don't yo pick on someone
with your same size.
That could be hard to find.
So, try me.
Your daddy drank away all
your family's money.
Okay, okay, okay. I give.
We're all really sorry
you have to move.
We're gonna miss
having a re-match.
Your dad was smart. He
left a long time ago.
Why do I hate that guy so much?
'Cause he's a jerk.
Mel, that was a
rhetorical question.
What's rhetorical?
Let's just get the ball and go.
Oh! It's right under Jenny.
Matt, now's your chance
to go and talk to her.
Gimme a break. He's never
said one word to her.
And why would he?
She's one of Bryce's girls.
No, she's not.
She's different.
Oh, I touched a nerve.
If she's so different, why
don't you go get the ball.
That's what I thought.
I swear, before I leave, I'm gonna
pound Bryce into the ground.
Watch this.
Hiya!
I call that move shock.
And awe.
It needs more shock and a
little less awe. Okay?
Could this be any uglier?
The park looks pretty epic.
There's even the rock wall.
Yeah, right where my house is.
Mine's where that
huge building is.
Hey look, they added a QR code.
Hi, I'm, Billy Weller and
this is Xircon Corporation's
investment in your future.
It's pretty cool, right?
Xircon Plaza will provide hundred's of
jobs and a big boost to your economy.
But those changes are
just the beginning.
With the new technologies I'm developing,
changing America won't be far off.
Xircon. Here today,
for your better tomorrow.
Well, it's not gonna happen.
Because in two days
when the council votes,
our parents are gonna
be there to stop it.
Get real, Bauer.
Money talks.
Bryce and his daddy's pals have
a lot more influence than us.
We'll see about that.
This is my home.
I'm not leaving.
Lies. Bunch of lies.
He's bringing "The Shadow" here.
What are you talking about?
It's the Pandora Project.
Look, it's right
there, plain as day.
What's he talking about?
I don't see anything.
- Where's that...
- That was weird.
Who was that?
- Just a looser.
- What was he saying?
Who knows.
Let's just go to the cabin.
Maybe it's better we move, start over
somewhere where no one knows us.
I hate change and my therapist
says it's terrible for my OCD.
They can't break up our group.
You guys are my best friends.
You think they'll still let
us play and the rock wall?
Come on, Boomer, this could be your
last chance to finally make it over.
Without getting wet.
Want me to help you?
No, I'll do it. I'll do it.
You guys just,
go ahead, I'll catch up.
Okay.
Use L.S.
Climb between rocks.
Between rocks.
You okay?
Actually yeah, I barely
felt my aqua-phobia.
You're a walking
disaster, you know that?
It's not my fault
the rock moved.
That's not a rock.
Whoa, what is that?
- Dope.
- Wow.
We're in trouble.
Shadow?
Isn't that what the
homeless guy said?
U.S. Military?
You know what's probably inside?
Guns!
We're really in trouble.
Let's take it to the cabin.
We can't just take it.
Eddie, are you crazy? There
could be explosives in there.
Grenades, weapons
grade plutonium.
We're definitely taking it.
These are plans for something.
Why would they be out here?
There's only one
way to find out.
It's still not moving.
Make sure to get something that
will pry it open or something.
- Hand me that pipe.
- Let me try.
Try the other latch.
- No, no, no.
- Come on!
Okay, move your slimy fingers.
Just... no, not that, there.
Maybe we can pick it?
How? There's no place for a key.
Stand back.
Okay, yeah, like that's
really gonna work.
- Okay, so we tried
everything except
use L.S. -
I knew Mel could it.
SG 8000.
Toy Gue-Gun?
It's definitely our plans.
More like toys.
What's he gonna be doing
with a bunch of toys?
That don't even work.
Cool!
Ugh. I feel weird.
Hey, look at these.
Try it on. They've got to
help you better than yours.
Matt. Catch.
Way too big.
Here.
How do I look?
Like Mel, with a hat.
Yeah, the arch, it's a tad low.
Boomer, this isn't a shoe store.
That's everything.
These are lame.
The military can have mine back.
- Me too.
- Yeah.
Hey, Matt. I need your opinion.
Are these two on the nose?
No. It's fine.
Okay, good, 'cause I'm gonna make 20
more of these for the rally tomorrow.
- Hey, mom.
- Yeah?
Do you think we can
actually stop it?
We've got to try.
You know, it's not just our
homes, it's the wet lands too.
We can't just let them come in here
and ruin the local environment.
Okay. I know that look.
- What's wrong?
- It's just...
What if we move out of town,
will dad ever visit us?
Um...
I don't know. I hope so.
Why'd he leave us for
that other family?
Weren't we good enough?
Matt. We're better than good enough.
Okay?
Now, listen...
Lights out in ten minutes.
I mean it.
Help!
Matt, what happened?
What are you talking about?
My face...
Your face is fine.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Sorry.
- Sick.
- Whoa.
Awesome.
How did you do that?
Any face I look at,
I turn into it.
Wow.
You see, there's two sensors, touch
them both and it completes the circuit.
I bet the other
toys have them too.
I don't see any sensors.
Boomer, can you give me a
flashlight from the kitchen?
- Whoa, did you just see that?
- What?
The front leg of a right
triangle is 18 cms,
and it's area is 108 sq cms.
It's perimeter is 51.6 cms.
Did I just say that?
Here's something.
That...
was...
awesome!
Did you guys find any sensors?
Yes!
♪ Lost in my own mind
But it's all right ♪
♪ We're back in our
vaults And now ♪
♪ Never had to be
No one but me ♪
♪ Never threw in the towel ♪
♪ And dance of champagne
For you to stop to sing ♪
An SG 8000.
Not to build stuff but
incredible simulation.
- Help. Help. Help. Help. Help.
- Right here.
Are these the coolest
toys ever or what?
I bet these are secret weapons.
What? Is the army going to
amuse the enemy to death?
Yeah. And there isn't an
army base within 100 miles.
Maybe it's from a toy company.
Have you ever seen toys
that can do all this?
There's like a mini computer
in here, in electrodes.
Look at this tiny battery.
How can these
things do all this?
Maybe this ball is the answer.
Who cares?
The real question is
what are we gonna do with them?
Something tells me you already
know the answer to that.
Silly wilding. Wonder
what this does?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
What'd you do to me?
Oh my god!
I feel amazing, let's
clean this cabin.
It was here.
All right zeros...
you wanted a re-match, we're
not waiting for Bauer.
Oh, man...
- Lucky shot.
- Yeah.
Your last.
This is gonna be fun.
Welcome to Holopedia
7.0, updated every year.
Wow.
- Where's the payload?
- I don't know.
But these boys have it.
That have the makings of the most
powerful weapon known to man.
♪ Ballin' yeah. Here's
the plan y'all ♪
♪ Huddle up, yeah ♪
♪ When it's rough y'all ♪
♪ Hang tough, see it through ♪
♪ One, two, three, let's win ♪
♪ Win or loss don't matter ♪
♪ It's the way You
play the game ♪
♪ You need follow
through And bang ♪
♪ Will you even try
Can't stop us ♪
♪ No way! We running a
pack And I got your back ♪
♪ No acting, that's a fact
That's what friends do ♪
♪ You and me ♪
♪ Yeah you and me ♪
♪ Fill my explosions,
Broken bones agree ♪
♪ Together we ain't hanging
up Like four, three, two ♪
♪ And I'll pack your Parachute
'cause That's what friends do ♪
♪ Yo, B, sing along ♪
Go big or go home.
♪ So, come on ♪
♪ If you have your best friend Who's
your bro, All you need to know ♪
♪ He's a person I like,
He's why I like ♪
♪ That's what friends do ♪
This isn't over.
Zeros.
Not by a long shot.
Guys... You've got to see this.
Matt, you just missed the show.
Wait till you see mine.
Come on.
Cool.
Wow.
- Wow.
- Crazy.
Awesome.
Someone should tell Mark
Zuckerberg about this.
Welcome to Holopedia, 7.0.
Updated every year.
Wait, that's 25 years from now.
Oh, I get it.
This thing predicts the future.
No, no, no. This is the future.
Watch this.
Search Xircon Plaza.
But that hasn't been built yet?
Yes, it has.
What's that supposed to be?
That's what Weller's
gonna do to our homes?
Here's goes the neighborhood.
That's not what's
on the billboard.
Exactly. It's just like
the homeless guy said.
Weller's lying about all of this.
We have to get this to the police.
Come on, you're expecting us to believe
this ball thing is from the future?
Of course, all the toys are.
How else do you explain stuff
like a holographic Wikipedia.
Holograms are images produced
by waves for reconstruction
using lasers to record
the defraction pattern.
Then how else do
you explain that?
You're saying the army is
experimenting in time travel?
- Someone is.
- No. No way.
This is just some high-tech
game, that's all.
Okay, there's only one way to prove
is this is really from the future.
Search tomorrow's news.
Use current location and date?
Use current location,
but tomorrow's date.
What did I say? That's our
local newspaper from tomorrow.
Okay, excuse me while I'm
having an anxiety attack.
What? Oh, man. Xircon Plaza
is actually gonna happen.
We're gonna loose
our homes for sure.
Uh, guys, there's
something else.
Wait a minute.
That's us!
Missing?
Someone's coming.
All right.
Come on.
- Are they gone?
- Yeah, for good.
- All clear.
- Come on.
Who are they?
I hope they're janitors.
Janitors don't wear black suits.
If this thing's right, those
guys could be looking for us.
If this thing's right,
it could be a lot worse.
Right.
Let's split up. Meet at
the bikes in 15 minutes.
Go, go, go, go, go.
If we don't find those boys and those plans
before the meeting tonight happens Joe,
he's gonna be very unhappy.
Come on.
Uh. Oh. Sorry. Sorry.
No. It is my fault.
- Jenny?
- Yes.
Do I know you?
Um, no.
No, I've seen you at school.
You must be new.
Has anyone every told you, you
look just like Justin Prince?
Yeah. All the time.
Quantum Theory today, Wormholes
in Space, Catcher in the Rye...
Think I've read most of these.
You have? Boys around here,
only read Instagram posts.
Catcher in the Rye is
my all time favorite.
Really? That was my dad's too.
It was?
He passed away a
couple of years ago.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
I'm living with my
gross step-father now.
Can't stand him.
So if you're not just in
Prince, what's your name?
It's Holden.
That's amazing.
Just like in the book.
I'm Jenny Johnstone.
I'm sorry about knocking into you.
Will you forgive me?
Sure, I think I
could manage that.
Sorry, just some
guy from school.
Bryce.
He's asking if I
wanna see him later.
And?
Are you kidding, that guy's about as
interesting as watching hair grow.
Okay. See you around...
Holden.
Bye.
I actually spoke to
Jenny Johnstone.
Finally. What took you?
I ran into someone I know.
Look there.
Mine's stuck.
Leave it. Ride with me.
Yeah!
- We lost them.
- Piece of cake.
Well, Matt, looks like your little
crystal ball was wrong about us.
Uh, I wouldn't be so sure.
Go, go, go!
They're definitely not janitors.
Whoever they are,
they're coming fast.
What do we do?
You tell us, you tell us.
Grab and hold onto
my bike, Eddie.
- What?
- Just do it.
- Quick, quick.
- Grab it.
Got it.
Mel, grab on the
back of my bike too.
Come on.
- Do it.
- I can't get it.
Come on, Mel.
Xircon?
I got it.
Okay, hold on.
Hold on, they're gaining on us.
Boomer, go faster.
I can't.
The ratio of the bike chain appears
circumference is at maximum tolerance.
No.
No!
They're gaining on us.
Whatever you're gonna
do, do it now.
Come on. They'll run us down.
Who's the zeros now?
Oh-oh, they're back.
Do something quick.
They're coming.
Well, now, Bauer.
It didn't work. Try
something else.
I can't peddle much longer.
Yeah!
Yes!
Ew!
That's not helping.
- We did it.
- That's amazing.
Man, that was better
than Grand Theft Auto.
Did you see those guys?
Mud all over them.
That wasn't mud.
Ew!
Guys, this is not funny.
Okay. They were
trying to get us.
We have to go to the police.
We can't now. I dropped that
ball and they've got it.
Without the hologram,
they'll never believe us.
Let's go home and
tell our parents.
No. If those guys can
find us at school,
they probably know
where we live.
We'll call our parents and tell them that
we're sleeping over at each other's houses.
If we're not going home,
or to the police,
where are we gonna go?
Our home away from home.
Maybe we should just
get rid of them.
No way. I'm not finished with
Bryce and his friends yet.
Okay, look, we cannot keep them.
It's too dangerous.
Uh, what? Am I still smart?
- What was that?
- Just the wind.
Shush...
Hey, guys, where's the box?
They know about this
cabin, you have to leave.
Wait. Aren't you the guy
from our neighborhood?
Ooh.
I love what you've
done with this place.
Very nuevo-rustic.
Do you get wi-fi?
What are you doing here?
Who are you?
Allow me to introduce myself,
my name is William Wisconsin,
but everyone calls me, Wizz.
Okay, Mr. Wizz, what do
you know about all this?
I think the better question
is, what do you know?
Let me see those plans.
From inside the box
that you found.
The only thing we found in the
box were a bunch of toys.
Toys?
What in god's name are
you talking about?
Amazing.
I look awful.
A bunch of toys.
Seven years, they trying to bring
something back from the future,
all they get is a box of toys.
What are you doing?
I'm getting out of Dodge.
Why?
They want the plans to
something more deadly
and they're not gonna stop now.
I know too much.
I started the Pandora Project.
I was a chief engineer.
Darn!
When I figured out what
Weller was after, I quit.
I swore I'd never work again.
See, Weller's not just
buying up your neighborhood
to build a mall and
some kiddie parks.
What is he doing?
He's gonna destroy the future.
One of the toys we found was
some type of hologram Wikipedia.
It showed us
tomorrow's newspaper.
It said that we were missing.
What do we do?
Wait a minute, a toy that
can show the future?
That could give us the
proof to stop Weller.
Which one is it?
We don't have it anymore.
Weller does.
Great.
Tell Billy, I said hello.
And goodbye.
Wait, Mr. Wizz,
you've gotta help us.
Look kid, I used to think I
can change things, be a hero.
I don't live in that
fantasy world anymore.
Unless you find that hologram,
nothing is gonna help you.
He's right.
We've gotta get that ball back.
- Let's...
- You're nuts.
It's the only way we could save
ourselves and our neighborhood.
When I was in the library,
I heard those two guys talking about
some meeting tonight at Heaven's Stone.
What's that?
Just searched it.
The residence of Billy Weller.
We can get in there, with
the help of these toys.
- I don't have time for this.
- Why?
Too busy using your gloves to
get back at people you hate?
You're acting just like Bryce.
Guys, don't you see?
You can't just act like
none of this ever happened.
It has. And now it's up to
us to do something about it.
Those guys, they have real guns,
with real bullets.
Not fake poop.
Yeah, we can't go
up against them.
You're talking like zeros.
If we give up now,
that's exactly what we're gonna
be for the rest of our lives.
If we live that long.
And I still hate these arches.
Two guards, how can
we gonna get in?
We can't just ask nicely. Matt,
how are these toys gonna help us?
I got it.
With the help of these gloves,
I'll take both guards out.
Hiya!
Okay, no. I don't hear you.
I'm gonna run super fast past
them, they won't even see me.
Identify optimum
avenue of approach,
employ counter maneuvers,
commence active information.
Wait, guys.
Why don't we just see if
they have a back door
Or we could do that.
This is the meeting.
We gotta get in there.
Sure, let's just waltz right in.
I'm checking the city
hall building records.
Got it. There a passage
way end of the stairs
That'll take us straight
to the back of the room.
Mel, you're like the coolest
Apple on the planet.
I know. Follow me.
All right, gentlemen, we have
some good news and some bad news.
First the good news, Franklin...
I wrote it down.
As promised, our quantum teleportation
of a solid state system,
was a success. A
Scientific breakthrough.
We found a negative mass wormhole
with significant exotic matter,
and brought an object from the
future, into the present.
That's ours.
It didn't arrive exactly
where we planned,
but that problem has
been corrected.
As you can see, this was
supposed to contain blueprints.
Unfortunately, all we
found inside, was this.
What is it?
Well, we don't, know yet. But
what we do know is that it takes
advanced highly developed
intelligence to open it and power.
Yeah, Bauer.
Any more, ice cream?
Rocky Roads is my favorite.
All right, this concerns
me not just for us
but for our allies as well.
No, of course. We
understand that.
And we really do wanna address
all of your concerns.
Every contingency has been
looked at from every angle.
Now that we've proven that the
Pandora Project is a success,
why settle for plans when
we can get the real thing.
Gentlemen, tomorrow
morning, at 08:00 hours,
we're going to grab
the shadow itself.
You could do that? This soon?
Well, in a word...
Oh, yes.
That was two words.
All right, this case is small. What
happens if something goes wrong?
I assure you it won't. We've
taken every precaution.
Tomorrow morning, Pandora's
box will be open.
Gentlemen, the future awaits.
Gentlemen...
What's a shadow?
What's Pandora's box?
I don't know but they don't sound good.
Come on.
Too much ice cream. Sugar crash.
Later tonight, take this ball thingy and
this box back to the lab for testing.
All right, what
about those kids?
I-I'm not worried
about the kids.
Yeah, they're probably at home
with their mommys and daddys.
Uh, okay.
Great plan, Bauer.
What now?
We gotta get to that lab.
- Boomer, Google the address.
- Way ahead of you.
All right. 24,000
Pine Hill Road.
- That has to be it. Let's go.
- Okay.
- Oh gosh, oh gosh...
- Wait, upstairs.
Ow, Mel, get off my foot.
Someone get the lights.
I think I see the light.
Jenny! What are you doing here?
I live here.
Whoa, wait, Weller's
your step-dad?
Yes. And who are you?
Wait, don't you guys
go to my school?
Yeah.
I'm Matt Bauer, but
I can explain.
We... Um, all of us... I...
Holden will explain.
Holden?
Yeah. Holden, my cousin.
He had to go to the
bathroom, I'll go get him.
What is going on?
You guys better have a
good explanation for this.
There's security
all around here.
Yeah, we saw them.
You're very... guarded
like, a tiger.
Matt had to use the
bathroom anyway.
Holden, what's this all about?
Wow. You can Matt
really dress alike.
Yup. They sure do.
So, do you know about
the Pandora Project?
I overheard my step-father
talking about it.
Why?
This is gonna sound
really strange but, um...
It has to do with time travel.
Your step-dad brought toys
here from the future.
And tomorrow morning,
he's gonna bring something else
that will change everything.
For the worse.
Yeah, right. You've been reading
way too much science fiction.
Watch this.
- Okay...
- Watch this.
What was that? How
did you do that?
That is physically impossible.
Not with shoes from
25 years from now.
One of the toys can
show the future.
But it's in your step-dad's
lab, can you help us get it?
You guys all live where my step-dad's
project is gonna be built, right?
Everyone says you're
lying to stop it.
No, no.
We're just trying to save our
homes, you have to believe us.
Jenny, it's security, we heard
voices upstairs. Are you okay?
This is Jenny.
Someone's in my room.
Okay, time to go.
I guess I was wrong about you.
You are just like them.
Matt, gotta go.
Matt?
Who's Holden?
Just some guy Jenny
was starting to like.
The mask's off.
Guard, guard, guard.
We gotta go.
Hello, it's so great
to finally meet you.
Franklin's has told
me so much about you.
If you found anything else in
that box, it belongs to us.
You... You know, you're right...
We're really sorry
about, all of this.
We'll give you the toys back
and maybe you can let us go.
What are you doing?
Ugh, sticky.
We gotta go. We gotta go.
Bye.
Let go of me.
All right, enough. Enough.
Jenny, go back to your
room, everything is fine.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I can't...
Hey, come here.
Wonderful. Another guard.
Weller's keeping a lot
of them employed.
What's the play?
I don't know. I'm thinking.
I can help.
Did you bring your security?
Look, I'm sorry about that,
but it all sounded so weird.
How's I supposed to react?
I don't know. Maybe by
giving us a chance.
Not just going off by
what other people say.
Bryce and his group
aren't my friends.
Believe me. I hate those snobs.
Look, whatever my step-father is
up to, I'm sure it's not good.
I wanna help.
How do we know we can trust her?
Can you get us inside?
Getting four of you in
there, past the guard
and into the underground
lab is impossible.
But, maybe one.
Where's Holden?
- Matt, you better tell her.
- Yeah.
Tell me what?
He-he's not really...
here.
He... He's down by
the golf carts.
You can meet him there.
We'll... We'll wait
for you outside.
Good luck.
Jenny...
Thanks.
Just gimme the mask. Come on.
Jenny? You came?
Maybe I'm not the
girl you think I am.
You could say the same for me.
Now, how do we get in?
That's why I'm here.
Jenny?
What are you doing
out here so late?
My step-dad wanted me to get
some more stuff left in the lab.
You know how he is
about homework.
At 11 o'clock at night?
He can be a real pain sometimes.
I-I better give him a call.
Sure, call him.
Maybe he'll be in a
better mood this time.
He fired he last guard
that woke him up.
Hello, McGibson,
why are you calling my
private cell phone number?
Go ahead.
Straight A's.
Study hard.
Lucky for you, I know where my
step-father hides the code.
- What are we looking for?
- All right. There.
What's so important about this?
Watch.
[robotic voicWelcome
to Holopedia, 7.0,
updated every year.
Holographic projections.
Amazing.
Like I said, this
shows the future.
And what your step-father
is gonna do with it.
Search American history,
25 years from now.
America, 25 years in the future is
the dominant leader of the world.
The richest of Americans far surpass
those in any other country.
Unemployment is only 50 percent.
And less than 73 percent of the
population live under the poverty line.
Despite the treat of nuclear war
from every region on the globe.
Our leader assures us
that we will be safe.
That's my step-dad.
My fellow Americans,
the chimes of midnight
as fast approaching.
But we will prevail.
When I brought sophisticated
technology and weapons here,
twenty-five years ago
and became your leader.
I did so with one purpose in
mind, to strengthen America.
We did that and so much more.
He's going to run America.
Not if we get this
to the police.
Shut down.
All right, get him.
Oh, so uncool. You should
be more careful next time.
I can't wait to play with this.
Let go of me.
Don't hurt him.
Get off me.
Matt?
This was in that box too?
So cool!
Mr. Weller.
Look who we found.
Oh, perfect. Now I
can show all of you,
what you'll be missing,
tomorrow morning.
Welcome to the greatest
invention of the 21st century.
The Pandora Project.
That's a quantum computer,
just like the Pentagon uses.
Very good.
A 512 cubit to be exact. The most
complex system ever designed.
The Pentagon only has one.
We have two.
Up there, is another
one, just like this one.
In case this one fails, but
that's just the beginning.
Anything, from the past or the
future, can be brought right here.
Nothing living yet,
but once we move
into Xircon Plaza,
we'll be on the strongest meridian
point in the United States.
Only your homes and the
inconvenience of a few species
are keeping us from moving living things
like sending someone back in time.
To make a few adjustments.
Until then, we will follow what
offers the best opportunity.
We've been sending waves into a
fissure in the space time continuum,
which come back as images and
using that, we've created a map.
Which has helped us to locate exactly
what we've been looking for.
- Franklin.
- Yes. Yes.
The Shadow.
Very good. Ahead of the class.
In 25 years, that will be a
relic in a military hanger
but to us, now, it makes our
weapon systems look like toys.
- Franklin, can you pan right?
- Sure.
- No, my right.
- Yeah. Yeah. Right.
Franklin, these graphics are so
bad, when are we gonna upgrade it?
I'm sorry, the I.T.
guy is on vacation.
That's the box we found.
We thought the plans would be
in that box, they weren't.
But we wanted to test quantum
teleportation with something small.
We were able to determine
the spin rate and direction
of it's entangled partner in
the future and pull that box,
right through a
wormhole in space.
How did you keep
the wormhole open?
Jenny, at least you've been
paying attention in school...
We've been using
negative energy,
all calculated by our
quantum computer.
And now that our coordinates have been
corrected, tomorrow morning at 08:00 hours
we're gonna grab
the shadow itself.
And with that
advance technology,
our capabilities
will be limitless.
So that's how
you're gonna do it.
Do what?
Destroy the future.
Oh, so you-you think...
you think that all
this fancy technology,
is gonna turn me into a madman
who's going to destroy the world
Yeah.
Not!
I'm not gonna destroy the
world, I'm gonna save it.
For you, you, you, you. For you.
I'm going to control it.
Right?
Take them away.
Go, take them go. Take 'em away.
- Stop it. That hurts.
- Let me go.
You wanted to know what I was
doing, all you had to do was ask.
[JennReally? You barely talk to me since
mom went to take care of grandma.
Don't you bring up your mother?
I'm doing this for her and for you. You
have no idea how important this is.
More than you know.
What are you doing?
Tonight, you stay
in the safe room.
No one comes in and
no one goes out.
And by the way, don't get
too attached to those boys.
Oh, and don't forget
to brush your teeth.
Oh, yes. Go, go.
Where's the ball?
We'll take it. What's the rent?
It's free. So glad you like it.
You lucked out, the
closet was too small.
FYI, all the doors and windows are
locked and alarm from the outside so,
if you try to escape, my good friends
here will be happy to escort you back.
Now, let's hand everything over.
Right over there.
Oh, I'm mad at you.
Stick that over... I
don't wanna touch that.
Okay, anything else,
any other surprises?
You can't keep us here.
Oh, I think I can,
who's gonna stop me?
According to U.S. Code, Title 18,
Part One, Chapter 55, Section 1201,
kidnapping of a minor is a federal offense.
Punishable up to five years.
Any more surprises?
Hands. Let's take those off.
I think I'd like
the shoes as well.
There you go. Hustle it up.
Got five more seconds,
four, three, two, and one.
Perfect, now I have all my
Christmas shopping done.
Fellas, I want you to come back
here and remove all the sugars.
All these peaks and crashes.
They're gonna kill us.
They can't do that.
Great. Just when I was
getting over my FTD.
- Whats that?
- Fear of dying disorder.
Jenny and I saw a glimpse
into the future.
Everything was so horrible.
We're never getting outta here.
It's all my fault.
It's always my fault.
I'm just a zero. Always will be.
Matt...
We're all zeros.
And it's not so bad.
I mean, who else gets to ride
bikes at 80 miles an hour?
Crush Bryce at basketball,
and spray Weller's guys with enough
poop to make them reek, forever.
We maybe zeros but we're
pretty darn awesome.
He's right.
- Thanks.
- Come on.
As you know, I offered this project to
the government but they laughed at me.
Politicians.
You gentlemen understand, whoever
controls technology, controls everything.
Yeah but why stop 25 years from now?
Why no go further?
Twenty-five? We can certainly go
further and we certainly will.
How many of these are there?
We found ten so far. but there
are many other weapons.
As soon as Pandora's Box is
open, there's no turning back.
Have a seat. Don't hover,
you make me nervous.
- Franklin?
- Here you are.
- Thank you.
- Gentlemen.
This is level... This is level
one, I'm on level five.
I know, I've reset it.
But if you've reset it, I get to go back
to the beginning, I've earned level five.
What time is it?
Seven. Only one hour till
Weller gets his plane.
Boomer.
I just had this weird dream where
we all had to save the world.
Okay, please tell me
that was a dream.
Mel!
Chocolate cake and cold pizza?
I love this place!
Wizz?
Pick the fruit. Whoa!
Where's the ghost?
Oh, where am I?
Who's here?
Oh.
It's you boys...
Sorry I always dream
about playing Pac Man.
So Weller got you too?
Yeah, you okay?
I will be.
Try the cake, it's so moist.
Wizz, we know everything.
Weller's getting that plane
in less than an hour.
A toast.
To the greatest inventions!
Gunpowder, the atomic bomb,
and now, the Pandora Project.
May geniuses like me stop working
for mad men like Weller.
There's got to be
a way outta here.
Yeah, without setting
off the alarms.
Impossible. Every exit is wired.
I checked it out.
I got it! How about
the air went?
I checked that too. Too
small, even for a kid.
I know I'm not smart and everything but
this house has secret passageways.
Maybe there's one in here.
- Good idea.
- Yeah.
Okay, let's look.
Nothing here.
Or here.
Nothing.
Sorry, it's just
another stupid idea.
What?
Mel, you're a genius.
Turn around.
Wow. I've never figured
anything out before.
Maybe if I had more often.
Okay. Let's not
get carried away.
Wizz, you coming with us?
Why?
What is there for me out there?
Maybe if you stop drinking,
you'll find out.
What do you know,
you're just a kid.
Come with us, Wizz.
Maybe this is your chance
to be a hero again.
Jenny, where are you?
I'm in here.
- You in there? -The door
is locked, I can't get out.
This hero stuff better
start getting easier.
All right, genius,
use your head.
Yeah?
- Good job.
- Thanks.
Boy, am I glad to see you guys.
Jenny, I'd like to introduce you
to our really good friend...
- Wizz!
- Jenny, Jenny...
It's so good to see you.
- Sorry about the smell.
- It's okay.
Matt, I think I can get
my hands on a car.
Jenny, can I use your phone?
Yeah, it's downstairs.
Hey Jenny...
I'm sorry about Holden.
I guess I won't be needing
that mask anymore.
You never did.
Do you know where the toys are?
I know where my step-dad
hides everything.
Come on, they're in the
storage room downstairs.
Stop hovering, you
make me nervous.
Vector Warning.
Vector Warning. Vector Warning.
What's happening?
Oh.
Pause it.
One moment.
Every once in a while, the computer
detects a flaw in the weapon we selected.
It's like hitting a speed
bum in a gap through time.
Initialing remedy sequencing.
Vector corrected.
Resume sequence.
The computer spots it, new sequencing is
rewritten and the problem is corrected.
What if you hit the speed bump?
Oh, well, in theory,
a massive energy like an electrical
surge can travel back through time.
By controlling where the wave
ends up, one could have a...
A very destructive weapon.
Oh well... yeah.
Oh. Oh, hey. Sorry sir, I
thought you were inside.
Yeah, right away, sir. Okay.
Sorry, sir. It's a little problem
with the gate. One second.
You okay, sir?
Yeah. One minute and...
All right, there you go.
See ya.
Have a good one.
After you.
Well, if it ain't
the four stooges.
Yeah.
Jenny's maid told me that,
her and some of her friends
were gonna be here.
Hello, Bryce.
I've been waiting for this.
Well, that makes two of us.
Is that the best you can do?
- Get off me!
- I got it, I got.
This is gonna be fun.
What happened to the mask?
Looks like it's outta juice.
Where are they?
You ready to quit, tough guy?
There's something wrong.
Clap your hand twice.
You want some more?
Do it, Eddie.
Pound him.
Bryce, get up.
Let's get outta here.
Eddie, you had Bryce. Okay?
You had him, you could
have finished him.
Why didn't you?
'Cause then, I'll
be just like him.
What?
Are we being nice now?
Is this...
I don't know how long
the reserve powers on these
things are gonna last, but...
Here goes nothing.
What took you so long?
We ran into some old friends.
Have any of your toys
been loosing power?
Yeah, my gloves.
My hat.
My shoes, too.
The gun too.
Check if there's
a reserve power?
Nope.
Now what do we do? We got a
bunch of toys that don't work.
We could just throw
them at the guards.
How about we be as
violent as we want,
in the safety and comfort of
our own video games, okay?
- Come on.
- Or we could just...
give it a shot if that-that
works too. Okay.
Three minutes to transfer.
Wow!
Okay, we have to recharge
a couple of the toys.
One small battery
will do the trick.
Where's the Energizer
Bunny when you need him?
Think I may have just found him.
If they have quantum
computers, we can't stop them.
If we get close enough to observe
the subatomic particles,
we can actually affect them.
And change their value.
That's brilliant, Jenny.
Okay, here's the plan.
Two more minutes, is
this awesome or what?
Franklin, where's my game?
- Your what?
- Franklin.
I don't have it.
Did you loose it?
Looking for this?
Thanks for the battery.
It came in handy.
William. Boy, what you didn't
like my accommodation?
You accommodations were fine, it's
the hosts we're not happy with.
Shut it down.
Oh no, you're not serious.
Not after all your hard work
Shut it down!
And if I don't?
This device shoots a beam that
will instantly incapacitate it.
Spoken like a true pacifist.
You're bluffing. That's just
one of those dumb toys.
Try me.
Why do you wanna shut this down?
I think you know very well why.
Why don't you tell them?
Oh-Oh. Oh, God.
Okay, okay.
Can we have some help here?
Can you take him?
Okay, here we go.
You've weaponized humor?
You think it'll work
with the North Koreans?
I love that toy.
As soon as we take apart this
plane, this thing is next.
Okay boys, you know the drill. Let's
hand everything, hand everything over.
You're gonna destroy the world
and you don't even care.
We care, William, remember
why we're doing this.
We're doing this because I care.
Grid point lock,
transfer to commence.
It's show time!
Increase power by ten percent.
Micron stabilizers in
three, two, one, mark.
Is that...
Is that... Is that the shadow?
Oh, my God!
Perfect.
Oh, God.
Look, what we've done.
This is... It's a miracle.
- I know.
- Ladies and gentlemen,
this is the most important
day of my life.
Obviously, I could have
done this alone...
I wanted to share
it with all of you.
I-I don't want your thanks, I don't
want your gratitude, I just...
You're welcome.
Clap! Clap!
All right, stop. Stop.
This plane, is the beginning
of a new world order.
Nothing can stop us now.
Check it, check it please.
Where's my plane?
Where...
Where's my plane? Franklin!
Working on it, sir.
What's going on? I want answers.
I'll give you an answer.
Looks like our little
diversion worked.
It allowed someone to affect your
cubits in your backup computer.
I taught him well.
I sent the plane back
to where it belongs.
Jenny, you are in so much trouble.
Take that mask from her.
Billy, it's time to
show them the truth.
What's he doing? Stop him.
- No, no, no, no.
- Stop him.
What the...
December 25th, 25
years from now.
Merry Christmas, the
day that time ends.
This is the reason our signals
can never go beyond that date.
And you knew about it all along.
But I can change it. I swear,
I can change the future.
You won't.
You'll take the technology from the
Shadow and build and unstoppable army.
Look, where it gets you.
There's your precious future.
Your ego and your greed
is destroying it.
-Oops, a little speed bump
in the continuum. -What?
Unable to initiate
remedy sequence.
I guess I deactivated the
remedy controls as well.
What's going on?
Gentlemen, I'd say that the Pandora Project
has just been officially canceled.
Electrical surge to hit
in T minus 90 seconds.
Evacuate premises.
You're dead.
If you stay, chances
are you will be too.
Come on guys, let's
get outta here.
Guys leave them, they don't
belong in this time.
T-minus one minute.
This is the only way out.
You gotta jump it,
you can do it.
- Okay.
- Okay, I'll go first.
We're running outta time.
Nice.
Jump, Mel.
Oh no, come on.
Nice. You did it.
You know, you go.
Not till you're safely over.
I can't. I can't do that.
Yes you can. Just
don't look at it.
T-minus 30 seconds.
You don't understand,
I need the shoes.
You can do this. You don't
need the shoes anymore.
The real power is
already inside of you.
You just have to trust yourself.
You can do it.
- Come on, Boomer, you got this.
- You can do this.
You got this. Come on.
I can do this.
You can do it.
Yes.
- I did it.
- You did it.
Up the stairs, we
gotta get outta here.
Send it all back.
- 15, 14, 13, 12...
- I'm doing the
best I can, there's
no one else here.
Six, five, four,
three, two, one...
This is gonna hurt.
Is it okay?
A little help. Thank you.
I think we did it.
Yeah. Well, I hope so.
'Cause I am definitely
not doing that again.
Only one way to find out.
Welcome to Holopedia, 7.0,
updated every year.
Search Xircon Plaza.
Xircon Plaza was
canceled and never done.
We did it! Yeah
Okay, okay, okay.
Search American history,
25 years from today.
America 25 years from today, is
a rich and productive nation.
Unemployment is
under two percent.
Crime is lowest in 25 years and the
democracy is stronger than ever.
We did it.
We actually saved the future.
Ladies and Gentlemen the Commander
and Chief of the United States.
Wait a minute,
that looks like...
It couldn't be.
It is.
Justin Beiber.
Oh!
Okay, maybe we didn't
save the future.
Program interrupt.
Stand by for
pre-recorded message.
Hello. This is a pre-recorded message
from 25 years in the future.
If you've come this far, I can safely
assume everything is all right.
So congratulations Matt,
Eddie, Boomer, Mel,
Jenny, and Wizz.
Matt, if I look familiar
to you, I should.
I'm you.
And here's another
shocker, you have a son.
He plays with the daughter of a man who
runs an Air Force Storage facility.
The one, Weller tried
to take the plane from.
I changed the password on that chest near
the plane to something we always said.
And then I told my son to take the
plans out and keeps his toys in there.
Just in case.
Matt, I've wondered what
I would say to you.
I could tell you all
about myself but...
why ruin the surprises.
I guess I just wanna tell all of
you, what you already know by now.
You're destiny isn't
written in stone.
You don't have to be zeros,
so go out there and make
your dreams come true.
Matt, are you coming?
Yeah, just a minute honey.
Well, I gotta go now. Good luck.
Oh, and don't see
Transformers 18, it sucks.
Sure, it does.
Oh I forgot, I installed the
self-destruct in this program
just in case it ever fell
into the wrong hands.
So long.
Wow, that's heavy.
Meeting your future self.
Yeah but, that woman's voice,
it sounded so familiar.
♪ You are the center
Of the universe ♪
♪ This is the show,
Not the two of us ♪
♪ You are the center
Of the universe ♪
♪ Forget the doubters
and the empty words ♪
♪ You are the center
Of the universe ♪
♪ This is the show,
Not the two of us ♪
♪ You are the center
Of the universe ♪
♪ Forget the doubters
and the empty words ♪
Hey, guys, later tonight, I'm picking
up Jenny, and heading to the mall.
Anyone wanna come?
Can't, I'm studying for math.
I'm pulling up the uni-files.
Sorry, I have track, I'm
trying out for the long jump.
And I've got my, "Stand up for kids"
meeting today, maybe tomorrow?
Whoa guys, that's
the Xircon car.
But Xircon went outta business.
Anyone up for a little Pac Man?
Wizz! How you doing?
You're looking at the new CEO
of Xircon, thanks to you.
I'm taking this company
in a whole new direction.
We reassembled the machine and
got a signal, from the future.
Something's coming here.
I need your help. Can
you come right now?
Let's do it.
Follow me.
Go ahead.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org